BlazeandCave's Advancements Pack	Loads of brand new advancements for your Minecraft world!
Getting Wood	Attack a tree until a block of wood pops out
Benchmarking	Construct a crafting bench with four wooden planks
Time to Mine!	Use planks and sticks to make a pickaxe
Time to Strike!	Use planks and sticks to make a sword
Time to Chop!	Use planks and sticks to make an axe
Time to Dig!	Use planks and sticks to make a shovel
Time to Farm!	Use planks and sticks to make a hoe
Mining Milestone	Complete every advancement in the Mining tab
Building Milestone	Complete every advancement in the Building tab
Farming Milestone	Complete every advancement in the Farming tab
Animal Milestone	Complete every advancement in the Animal tab
Monsters Milestone	Complete every advancement in the Monsters tab
Weaponry Milestone	Complete every advancement in the Weaponry tab
Biomes Milestone	Complete every advancement in the Biomes tab
Adventure Milestone	Complete every advancement in the Adventure tab
Redstone Milestone	Complete every advancement in the Redstone tab
Enchanting Milestone	Complete every advancement in the Enchanting tab
Statistics Milestone	Complete every advancement in the Statistics tab
Nether Milestone	Complete every advancement in the Nether tab
Potions Milestone	Complete every advancement in the Potions tab
End Milestone	Complete every advancement in the End tab
Super Challenges Milestone	Complete every advancement in the Super Challenges tab. Good luck with this one ;)
Advancement Legend	Complete every single advancement in BlazeandCave's Advancements Pack
Mining	Dig deep down, mine up ore
Stone Age	Mine stone with your new pickaxe
Spelunker	Discover every cave biome
I yearned for the mines	Spend five in-game days below y-level 32
This Dirt is Dirtier	Dig through some Rooted Dirt beneath an Azalea Tree so you can find a Lush Cave
Leaflet Drop	Fall through a Big Dripleaf
A Shiny Treat	Eat some Glow Berries
Particle Fan	Obtain a Spore Blossom
Moss Maker	Use Bone Meal on Moss to spread its wonderful lushness across hard blocks of stone
Iggy	Obtain an Azalea
Lush Hour	Obtain a stack of all lush-related blocks
Heart of Darkness	Submerge yourself in complete darkness
My work here is done	Get caught in a cave-in of gravel
Nananananananana...	Accidentally hit a bat underground
Blind as a Bat	Kill a Bat while under the blindness or darkness effect
Pixel Perfect	Use a Spyglass to stare at a bat from at least 50 blocks away
Meet The Flintstones	Dig up some flint from a patch of gravel
Strike a Light	Craft Flint and Steel and use it to light the ground on fire
Flint Miner	Mine a stack of flint
Bonfire Night	Light every flammable block on fire
Dungeons and Spawners	Open a chest in a dungeon deep underground
This is Mine Now!	Find an abandoned mineshaft that was not dug out by you
Gold Mine!	Find a mineshaft on the surface of a mesa biome
Eeuuwww!	Get stuck in a cobweb
Steals on Wheels	Loot a minecart chest from an Abandoned Mineshaft
Lichen Subscribe	Use shears to obtain Glow Lichen from an underground cave
That's the point!	Obtain some Pointed Dripstone from a Dripstone Cave
Dripstone Drop	Survive a fall of at least 10 blocks onto some Pointed Dripstone
Lucky Break	Survive a long fall with just a sliver of health remaining
Caves & Cliffs	Free fall from the top of the world (build limit) to the bottom of the world and survive
Deep Slate Nine	Mine deep enough that the stone darkens
Rock Bottom	Dig down to the bottom of the world
Bottom to Top	Place every cave block at the very top of the world
Sneak 100	Sneak near something in the Deep Dark to prevent being heard
It spreads!	Kill a mob near a Sculk Catalyst
Shriek Forever After	Trigger a Sculk Shrieker in the Deep Dark. Might not want to do that too many more times…
Fallen Kingdom	Find and enter an Ancient City deep underground
Frigid Diversions	Loot a chest inside an ice box in an Ancient City
Death Pointer	Using Echo Shards found in Ancient Cities, craft a Recovery Compass
9 to 5	Collect enough Disc Fragments to craft another producer of mysterious sounds
Echonomy	Collect a stack of Echo Shards
Getting an Upgrade	Construct a better pickaxe
MOAR Tools	Craft a stone pickaxe, axe, shovel and hoe
Aww it broke!	Break your first tool
Chestful of Cobblestone	Mine 1728 cobblestone, place it in a chest, then stand on it in victory
Bulldozer	Destroy a total of 10,000 blocks of stone
Fossil Fuel	Coal! As in dead dinosaurs!
Coal Miner	Mine a stack of coal
Master Coal Miner	Mine enough coal to make a stack of coal blocks
Hot Topic	Construct a furnace out of eight stone blocks
Renewable Energy	Smelt wood trunks using charcoal to make more charcoal
Smokin' Hot	Upgrade your furnace to a smoker using some logs
Coppers and Robbers	Smelt a Copper Ingot
Copper Age	Craft a slightly better pickaxe
Copper Miner	Mine a stack of Raw Copper
Copper Golem Overlord	Wear a full suit of Copper Armour while surrounded by at least ten living Copper Golems
Master Copper Miner	Mine enough copper to make a stack of Copper Blocks
Budget Channeling	Craft a Lightning Rod using Copper Ingots
Surge Protector	Protect a villager from an undesired shock without starting a fire
Called Shot	Get struck by lightning while standing on a Lightning Rod
Conductive Conglomerate	Collect a stack of every oxidizing stage of Lightning Rods, including all of their waxed variants
Beep Bop	Build a Copper Golem
Wax Treatment	Apply Honeycomb to a Copper Golem to stop it from oxidizing
Total Copout	Smash a living Copper Golem into scrap
The Statue of Liberty	Have a Copper Golem fully oxidize into a statue, then mine it
Such a poser	Cycle a Copper Golem Statue through all its poses
Statue of Limitations	Collect a stack of every oxidizing stage of Copper Golem Statues, including all of their waxed variants
Don’t Come a Copper!	Craft some Cut Copper
Grate Expectations	Craft or obtain a Copper Grate
Wax On	Use Honeycombs to wax a Copper Block, preventing it from oxidising
Wax Off	Use an axe to scrape wax off of a Copper Block
D. B. Copper	Collect a stack of every oxidizing stage of Copper Chests, including all of their waxed variants
Life Sentence	Collect a stack of every oxidizing stage of Copper Bars, including all of their waxed variants
Chain Gang	Collect a stack of every oxidizing stage of Copper Chains, including all of their waxed variants
Gratest of All Time	Collect a stack of every oxidizing stage of Copper Grates, including all of their waxed variants
Green Lanterns	Collect a stack of every oxidizing stage of Copper Lanterns, including all of their waxed variants
Copper Computer	Collect a stack of every oxidizing stage of Copper Bulbs, including all of their waxed variants
School of Hard Knocks	Collect a stack of every oxidizing stage of Copper Doors and Trapdoors, including all of their waxed variants
Sly Copper: The Copper Heist	Collect a stack of every oxidizing stage of Copper Blocks, Chiseled Copper, and Cut Copper Blocks, Slabs and Stairs, including all of their waxed variants
Acquire Hardware	Smelt an iron ingot
Not Chicken McNuggets?	Craft or find iron nuggets
Isn't It Iron Pick	Upgrade your pickaxe
Suit Up	Protect yourself with a piece of iron armor
Iron Man	Wear a full suit of iron armor
Iron Miner	Mine a stack of Raw Iron
Master Iron Miner	Mine enough iron to make a stack of iron blocks
Gold Rush	Strike gold and smelt it into a gold ingot
Living Like Kings	Make yourself shiny with golden armor
The Mistake!	Put Mending on a piece of golden armor and realise what you are doing in life
Gold Miner	Mine a stack of Raw Gold
Master Gold Miner	Mine enough gold to make a stack of gold blocks
Bling Bling Gone	Completely use up a golden pickaxe, and then seriously reevaluate your life choices
We've broken our last shovel	Break every kind of shovel
MOAR Broken Tools	Break every single tool and weapon in the game
Where are all your clothes?	Break every type of armor piece in the game
DIAM- oh, wait, no.	It's still useful for enchanting
Lapis Lazuli Miner	Mine enough lapis lazuli to craft a stack of lapis lazuli blocks
Seeing Red	Mine some redstone from the deepest caves
The way to spawn	Craft a compass in case you forgot where spawn is
Get a Lode Of This!	Craft a Lodestone using Chiseled Stone Bricks and an Iron Ingot
Country Lode, Take Me Home	Use a Compass on a Lodestone
Lodes of Applications	Create a Lodestone Compass in all three dimensions
What's the time, Mr Wolf?	Time to clean your clocks! (Or, craft them!)
Redstone Miner	Mine enough redstone to craft a stack of redstone blocks
G.I. Geode	Find an Amethyst Geode and mine an Amethyst Cluster
Good For Your Bones	Mine some Calcite encasing an Amethyst Geode
Galileo Figaro	Zoom in on something using a Spyglass
Blackout	Craft Tinted Glass using Glass and Amethyst Shards and use it to block out light
Amethyst Miner	Mine a stack of Amethyst Blocks, Amethyst Clusters, and every size of Amethyst Bud
Diamonds!	Acquire diamonds
Iconic Merchandising Prop	Create a pickaxe of the highest calibre
Stabcraft	Do you like my sword sword
Even MOAR Tools	Craft a full diamond tools set
Rest in Pickaxes	Break your first diamond pickaxe
Cover Me With Diamonds	Diamond armor saves lives
Diamond Clad	A full suit of diamond armor saves even more lives
Diamond Miner	Mine a stack of diamonds. Good luck!
Diamonds to you!	Throw diamonds at another player or mob
Mineral Collection	Craft every type of mineral block
Master Diamond Miner	Mine enough diamond to make a stack of diamond blocks
Mr. Bean	Mine and craft a stack of Raw Iron, Copper and Gold Blocks
Emerald Miner	Mine a stack of raw emerald ore
Oresome!	Mine a stack of every ore block
Hot Stuff	Fill a bucket with lava
Ice Bucket Challenge	Form and mine a block of Obsidian
Enchanter	Craft an enchanting table
We Need to Go Deeper	Build, light and enter a Nether Portal
Obsidian Miner	Mine a stack of obsidian. (This might take a while...)
Building	Your only limit is your imagination... and resources
Your Door Was Locked	Craft a door to stop monsters from entering your house
Cut In Half	Craft some slabs
Stairs? NOOOOO!	Craft some stairs
Slabs For Days	Craft every type of slab
Ah, My Old Enemy...	Craft every type of stairs
Sweet dreams	Sleep in a bed to change your respawn point
Change of Sheets	Dye your bed a different color than white
Rainbow Dreams	Craft every color of bed
Insomniac	Go 30 days without sleep
Ladder Climbers Inc.	Climb the ladder!
It's a Trap!	Craft and place down a trapdoor
Aaaaaand... OPEN!	Craft and place an iron door
En Garde	Erect some fencing
The Walls	Build some cobblestone walls
Crazy Walls	Craft every type of wall
Stationary Storage	Craft and place down a chest for storing your items
Barrel Rider	Craft and place a barrel. Totally not for riding in
Writer's Block	Craft a lectern using wooden slabs and a bookshelf then place it
Shelf Expression	Fill a Chiseled Bookshelf with books
Shelfception	Put a Shelf on a Shelf
Locked and Loaded	Swap your entire hotbar of items with a trio of powered Shelves
It's a Sign!	Craft and place a sign
Hanging Around	Put up a Hanging Sign
Sign Off	Use honeycomb to wax a sign, setting its ink for eternity
Colors of the Wind	Dye a sign with each color of dye
Help! I've been framed!	Craft an item frame for displaying your items
A Masterpiece!	Put up a painting
Art Gallery	Place every type of painting
Raise the flag!	Craft and place a banner
Prepare to meet your Loom!	Craft a loom with string and planks for creating your own banners
No Banner, Only Color!	Craft all 16 banner colors
Fruit of the Looms	Obtain all the special banner patterns
Torched!	Light up the area with some torches
Camping Out	Craft and place a campfire using some logs, sticks and coal
Delicious, Hot Schmoes!	Place every type of cookable food on a campfire
Spawn Camping	Travel close to 0,0 coordinates and place down a campfire
Halloween!	Light up the area with jack o'lanterns!
One Pickle, Two Pickle, Sea Pickle, Four	Place four sea pickles in a group underwater
Setting up the mood	Place a candle and light it using Flint and Steel
The Ritual Begins	Get one stack of Black Candles
Happy Birthday!	Place a candle on a cake
Glowing!	Light up the area with glowstone
Shroom Lightyear	Light up the area with Shroomlight!
Cerulean!	Light up the area with soul fire torches and soul fire lanterns!
Incandescent!	Light up the area with all three hues of Froglight
Festival of Lights	Light up the area using a lantern
Chartreuse!	Light up the area with Copper Torches and Copper Lanterns!
Electric!	Light up the area with some redstone lamps
Bulbous!	Light up the area with a Copper Bulb!
Lighten Up	Scrape a Copper Bulb with an axe to make it brighter
Expensive!	Light up the area with some sea lanterns
Fluorescent!	Light up the area with some end rods
Let There Be Light!	Hold a stack of every light-emitting block and item
A Good Start	Chop down enough trees to collect a full stack of one log type
Barking Mad	Craft a bark block
Lost Its Bark	Strip a bark block of its bark
Professor Oak	Craft every item made out of oak wood
Spruce Lee	Craft every item made out of spruce wood
Professor Birch	Craft every item made out of birch wood
The Jungler	Craft every item made out of jungle wood
Bamboozled	Craft every item made out of bamboo wood
Mangrove Master	Craft every item made out of mangrove wood
The Acacia King	Craft every item made out of acacia wood
Professor Dark Oak	Craft every item made out of dark oak wood
Pale Gardener	Craft every item made out of pale oak wood
Cherry Bomb	Craft every item made out of cherry wood
Yay! I got my wood!	Collect every type of log and stem
Stripper	Strip the bark off every type of log, stem, and bamboo block
Master Logger	Cut down a full stack of logs and stems of all types
I don't like sand	It's coarse, and rough, and irritating, and it gets everywhere
Pathways	Use a shovel to create dirt paths
Grass Type	Obtain every type of grass block in your inventory
Skyblock	Place a Grass Block high in the sky
Classy Glassy	Smelt sand in a furnace to get glass
What a pane	Craft some glass panes
Translucence	Craft all 16 colors of stained glass
Pane in the Glass	Craft a stack of all 16 colors of stained glass panes
Stuck in the Mud	Use a Water Bottle on some Dirt to turn it into Mud
Elmer Mudd	Craft or obtain all forms of Mud and Mud Brick
Rainbow Sand	Craft concrete powder using sand, gravel and dye
Concrete Evidence	Create concrete from concrete powder by dropping it into water
The Rainbow You Always Wanted	Craft all 16 colors of concrete
Clay-Dough!	Dig up some clay from a lake
Bricks!	Fire up that clay!
Pot Planter	Craft and place a flower pot
Harry Potter	Place every type of plant in a flower pot
The Terracotta Army	Craft all 16 colors of terracotta (stained clay)
The Glazed Terracotta Army	Craft all 16 colors of glazed terracotta
Rock Collection	Collect all the types of rocks
Rock Polish	Craft every type of polished block
Fake stronghold	Craft or collect all forms of normal, cracked, mossy and chiseled stone bricks
Jailhouse Block	Craft or find iron bars
Creepers and Withers	Engrave sandstone with creeper and wither patterns
Built on Sand, Set in Stone	Craft or collect a stack of all forms of Sandstone and Red Sandstone
Tuff Stuff	Craft or collect all forms of Tuff, Polished Tuff, and Tuff Bricks
Deepslate Conspiracy	Craft all forms of Deepslate, Polished Deepslate, Deepslate Bricks and Deepslate Tiles
Fake monument	Craft or collect all forms of prismarine blocks
Fake fortress	Craft or collect all forms of nether brick and red nether brick
No Chain, No Gain	Craft an Iron Chain using an Iron Ingot and Iron Nuggets
Blackstonehenge	Craft or collect all forms of Blackstone, Polished Blackstone and Polished Blackstone Bricks
Greek Art Decor	Craft all forms of quartz blocks
Its original form	Use your furnace to smelt cobblestone back into stone
Smooth, dude!	Smelt normal stone further into smooth stone
Blast it!	Upgrade your furnace to a blast furnace using iron and smooth stone for smelting ores quicker
Mannequin	Craft an armor stand for displaying your armor
Living Dummy	Get killed from hitting an Armor Stand
Armor Display	Put every full set of armor on different armor stands
Sharpening Station	Craft a grindstone using a stone slab, planks and sticks for repairing tools
Classic Pocket Edition Block	Craft a stonecutter using stone and an iron ingot
Agent Smithing Table	Craft a smithing table
Bubble, Bubble, Toil and Trouble!	Fill a cauldron using a bucket
Hot Tub	Sit in a cauldron filled with lava
Washing Machine	Use a cauldron to clean leather armor, a banner and a shulker box
Farming	Hoe hoe hoe!
Care For the Environment	Plant down a sapling
Bapple!	Crunch into an apple
Trimming the Treetops	Use shears to obtain leaf blocks
Foliage	Use shears to pick up short grass or ferns
Yay! Deadbush!	Get a deadbush cause you're a noob
Booshes	Collect some Bushes
You can't take the sky from me	Obtain a Firefly Bush
Ecologist	Plant down all types of saplings
A Mangrove Grove	Plant a Mangrove Propagule in a Grove biome
Ultra Hardcore	Craft and eat a normal golden apple
An Apple a Day	Eat an Apple every day for 30 in-game days
Berry Nice!	Pick and eat some sweet berries
Disen Berry Berry Bad!	Get stuck in a sweet berry bush. Oh, icky yucky goo!
Shrooms	Gather both types of mushroom
Mushroom, Mushroom!	Slurp some mushroom stew
Mega Mushroom	Grow a giant mushroom and then harvest it with silk touch
Suspicious Looking Stew	Slurp some suspicious stew and pray you don't suddenly see giant flying eyeballs in the sky
I'm gonna be sick!	Slurp every kind of suspicious stew
Sugar, Sugar	Harvest some sugar cane from a river or ocean
It's full of ink	Obtain some ink from hunting a squid
Squid Game	Hunt enough Squids to collect a stack of Ink Sacs
Write your thoughts	Use a book, ink and a feather to craft a book and quill
An amazing story!	Finish writing in your book or get a book from another player
Kelp me!	Collect some kelp from an ocean
Aquatic Biofuel	Craft a dried kelp block for use as a great fuel source
Undersea Gardener	Craft a stack of dried kelp blocks
Castaway	Eat nothing but dried kelp for three in-game days
It's a cactus!	Break down a cactus in a desert
Spikey!	Run into a cactus
A Seedy Place	Plant a seed and watch it grow
Souperman	Beetroot soup gives you souperpowers!
Bake Bread	Grow wheat and use it to bake bread
The Lie	Wheat, sugar, milk and eggs!
Hay there!	Craft a stack of hay blocks
Must be your birthday	Eat 100 slices of cake
It's where nutella comes from	Obtain some cocoa beans from a jungle
Me Love Cookie	Bake some cookies... and then scoff them all yourself
Hot Chocolate	Plant some cocoa in the nice steamy Nether
Naturally Carved	Harvest some spooky pumpkins
The Pie	Bake a pumpkin pie
Olaf	Do you want to build a snow golem?
Unmasked	Shear the Pumpkin off of a Snow Golem to unveil their true face
Pumpa kungen!	Carve a stack of pumpkins
The Melon! The Melon! The Melon!	Eat a melon. Be careful not to drop it over a cliff
Scientific Inaccuracy	Craft 9 melon slices back into a block that, when broken, will probably not give you all 9 slices back
The Meloncholy Dane	Craft a stack of melon blocks
Die, Potato!	Squash and eat a potato
Not Today!	Eat a poisonous potato
Certified Spud Chomper	Eat 100 Poisonous Potatoes
24 Carrot Gold	Eat a golden carrot
The garbage will do!	Craft a composter using wooden slabs then place it
Natural Fertiliser	Fill up a composter
One-course meal	Use bone meal to grow a sapling into a tree
Combine Harvester	Use bone meal on everything that can be grown
What's new with composting?	Compost every type of compostable item in a Composter
Come to the countryside!	Plant every single type of crop on farmland
Serious Dedication	Completely use up a diamond hoe, and then reevaluate your life choices
Full Stomach	Fill both your hunger bar and saturation level
Vegetarian	Eat every type of fruit, vegetables, and any sort of plant matter
Meat Lovers	Eat every type of meat, even if uncooked or rotten
A Balanced Diet	Eat everything that is edible, even if it's not good for you
A Gluttonous Diet	Obtain a full stack of all the foods
Animals	The world is full of friends and food
Bacon!	Gotta kill this pig pig pig pig
Pork Chop	You know kung fu, how about pork chop?
Piglet's BIG Advancement	Breed two pigs to get this little piggy
When Pigs Used to Fly	Craft a carrot on a stick so you can ride a pig off a cliff
Swine Sailing	Ride a saddled pig in a boat in a minecart
Pig Slaughterer	Collect a stack of raw porkchops
The Three Little Pigs	Unite all Pig variants in one place
Rabbit Season	Killing bunnies is cruel. Period.
They're breeding like rabbits!	Breed two bunnies together
Lucky Charm	Get a rabbit's foot
Getting Into a Stew	Make and eat some rabbit stew
In a hole there lived a Rabbit	Collect a stack of raw rabbit and rabbit hide
Bunny Lover	Breed a baby bunny of every variant
Going Down the Rabbit Hole	Bring a rabbit to the bottom of the world, then kill it
Just Keeps Going	Eat Rabbit Stew, then avoid eating for the next 3 in-game days
Cow Tipper	Harvest some leather
High Steaks	The steaks are high for this advancement!
Repopulation	Breed two cows with wheat
Milk does your body good	Take a swig swig swig swig
True Cow Tipper	Collect a stack of raw beef and leather
Beef Moover	Unite all Cow variants in one place
Mooshroom Kingdom	Find mooshrooms on a mushroom island
Super Mooshroom	Breed two stubborn mooshrooms together
Milkshroom	Milk a mooshroom with a bowl to get mushroom stew
Mushroom Scientist	Strike a mooshroom with lightning and see what happens
Overpopulation	Breed every type of animal
Animal Kingdom	Bring one of every type of animal to one place (have them all within 32 blocks of you)
Cool Kids	Craft and wear a leather jacket
Fashion Statement	Dye some leather pants with one color, then put them on
Shoe Shed	Dye 16 pairs of leather boots each with one of the individual colors
Humble Bundle	Craft a Bundle using Leather and String
Flamboyant Range	Put 4 of each type of dye into a single Bundle
Fractal	Put a Bundle in a Bundle in a Bundle in a Bundle in a Bundle… 16 layers deep
Tickle Time!	Pluck some feathers from a chicken
So Good	Can't beat it, can't beat it
Which came first?	The chicken... or the egg??
Feeding the Ducks Chickens	Breed chickens by feeding them seeds
Chicken Cooper	Collect a stack of raw chicken and feathers
Omelette	Collect a stack of all kinds of Chicken Eggs
Chick Buffet	Unite all Chicken variants in one place
Chatterbox	Tame a Parrot using seeds. WARNING: Do not use a cookie!
Is it a Bird?	Look at a Parrot through a Spyglass
Birdkeeper	Tame all parrot variants
Wooly!	Obtain wool from a sheep by killing it
Feeling Sheepish	You'll get over it
Mary Had a Little Lamb...	Breed two sheep to get a lamb
Have a Shearful Day	Use Shears to obtain wool from a sheep
Sheariously?	Collect a stack of white wool
Live and Let Dye	Dye Sheep with all 16 colors of wool
Rainbow Collection	Gather all 16 colors of wool
Fuzzy Feet	Craft all 16 colors of carpet
Goat out of here!	Slaughter a Goat
Billy the Kid	Breed two Goats together using Wheat
Whatever Floats Your Goat!	Get in a Boat and float with a Goat
Screaming Milk	Milk a screaming Goat
Goat Simulator	Get killed by a Goat that rammed into you. You have Goat to be kidding me!
Ram	Obtain a Goat’s Horn by having one ram into a block
Loud and Proud	Play a Goat Horn in the Deep Dark
Silence of the Lambs	Bring a Sheep into an Ancient City and silence it
Battle of the Bands	Blow into a Goat Horn during a raid
Caprymphony	Blow every type of Goat Horn
Ya like jazz?	Breed two bees using flowers
Bee Our Guest	Use a bottle to collect Honey from a Beehive with a campfire beneath it so you don't aggravate the bees
Hive Mind	Craft a bee hive using planks and honeycombs then place it
NOT THE BEES!	Get stung to death by bees
Total Beelocation	Move a Bee Nest with 3 bees inside using Silk Touch
Honey, I'm Home!	Craft a stack of honeycomb blocks for building a home out of
Nest, Quick!	Collect a stack of empty bee nests
Winnie the Pooh	Drink some honey
Sticky Situation	Jump into a honey block to slide down it
WHERE'S THE HONEY LEBOWSKI	Drink 100 bottles of honey
Cowboy	Tame a horse by jumping on it over and over again
Foal Play	Breed a horse in an effort to get a better one
Horse Armorer	Make horse armor out of dead horses (No, joking, any leather will do)
A Horse in Shining Armor	Find diamond horse armor
Colorful Cavalry	Dye 16 sets of leather horse armor each with one of the individual colors
So Hungry I Could Eat a Horse!	Feed a Horse every type of food that it can eat
It's High Noon	Snipe a Husk from 50 blocks away while riding a Horse
Are we there yet?	Tame a donkey
Artificial Selection	Breed a horse and a donkey to get a mule
Master Farrier	Tame all horse variants
Desert Rider	Find a Camel in a desert village and ride it
Hump Day	Breed two Camels using cactus
The High Road	Kill a hostile monster with a melee attack while riding a Camel
Stay Calmer	Tame a llama
So I got that going for me	Breed two llamas with hay
Llama Llama Duck King	Tame all llama variants
Llama Festival	Sit on Llamas with all 16 colors of carpet. Getting off will reset your progress
Heavy Duty Caravan	Tame a llama with a strength of 5
Blistering Barnacles!	Get spat at by a llama
Lead the Way!	Craft a Lead using String, then attach it to a mob
Beeloons!	Attach a lead to a bee
You Lead, I'll Follow	Attach a lead to a llama to form a llama caravan
Follow the Leader	Attach a lead to every mob that can be leashed
Leader of the Pack	Befriend a wolf
Puppies! Yipe!	Breed two wolves together to get a puppy!
Isn’t It Scute?	Brush an Armadillo to get Armadillo Scutes
Farmadillo	Breed two Armadillos using Spider Eyes
Armadoggo	Equip your canine best friend with Wolf Armor
Good as New	Repair damaged Wolf Armor using Armadillo Scutes
Shear Brilliance	Remove Wolf Armor from a Wolf using Shears
Paw Patrol	Equip Wolves with Wolf Armor dyed blue, red, yellow, lime, pink and orange
The Whole Pack	Tame one of each Wolf variant
What Does The Fox Say?	Breed two red foxes with sweet berries
Snow Fox 64	Breed two snow foxes with sweet berries
Blackberry Market	Trade some sweet berries to a Fox with an emerald in their mouth
Foxy Thievery	Give a fox a Totem of Undying
Frog Family	Breed two Frogs together using slimeballs
Bukkit bukkit	Catch a Tadpole in a Bucket
When the Squad Hops into Town	Attach a lead to each variant of Frog
Fishy Business	Catch a fish
Direct Fishing	Catch a fish by directly skewering it with a sword
Grinding Nemo	Skewer a tropical fish
Cephalight	Kill a Glow Squid
Glow and Behold	Use a Glow Ink Sac to light up a sign
Flashy Items	Put an item up for display in a Glowing Item Frame
Iceologer Should've Won	Kill 100 Glow Squids
Tactical Fishing	Catch a fish... without a fishing rod!
Aquarium	Catch all four types of fish and set them free in an aquarium
Tropical Collection	Collect all 22 of the common types of tropical fish
The Cutest Predator	Catch an Axolotl in a Bucket
The Healing Power of Friendship	Team up with an Axolotl and win a fight
Thanks a lotl	Team up with an Axolotl in an Ocean Monument to help clear the curse of the Elders
Axolittle	Breed two Axolotls together using Tropical Fish
Axeolotl	Kill an Axolotl with an axe
Axolotl of them	Catch all variants of Axolotls inside a Bucket
Delicious Fish	Cook and eat a fish!
Sushi	Eat some raw fish
Salmonella Poisoning	Eat some raw salmon... and not get poisoned after all
Catching Nemo	Catch a clownfish
What a piece of junk!	Fish out a junk item
Treasure Hunter	Fish out a piece of treasure
Someone's been here before...	Fish out a ratty old pair of boots
Master Angler	Collect a stack of all four types of fish
Totally not an AFK fisher!	Fish out all types of items
Poacher	Kill a turtle for their shells only to find they don't actually drop any when killed
Hey, look, Mom!	Use sea grass to make a turtle lay some eggs
Scuttler	Get a scute from a baby turtle when it grows up
Turtle Soldier	Craft a full turtle shell
Save the Turtles!	Collect a stack of turtle eggs
Turtle Army	Collect a stack of Turtle Scutes
Monsters	Battle against the monsters of darkness
Monster Hunter	Kill any hostile monster
Dead Don't Die	Kill a zombie
There has to be another way...	Kill a zombie villager
Iron Belly	Stop starvation using rotten flesh
Desert Nomad	Kill a husk
Zombie Slayer	Collect a stack of rotten flesh
Dead Really Don’t Die	Give a zombie a Totem... so that you have to kill it twice
Freezing	Bring a husk to a tundra biome and then kill it
Still Talking!	Blow up a zombie with a charged creeper to get a zombie head
Family Reunion	Reunite all zombie variants (and their baby forms) in one place
Custom Boss Fight!	Give a zombie full diamond armor and a diamond sword... then kill it
Trick or Treat!	Defeat a mob wearing a pumpkin
Handsome Jack	Defeat a mob wearing a Jack o' Lantern on Halloween
A Watery Grave	Defeat a drowned in the briny depths. Gurgle
Tridented Shield	Block a trident thrown by a Drowned
Because I'm Aquaman!	Obtain a trident from a Drowned
Mollusc Man	Defeat a Drowned that is holding a nautilus shell
Captain Etho	Defeat a Drowned that is holding both a nautilus shell and a trident
Ooh, Baby!	Kill a baby zombie
Baby, baby, baby noo!!	Kill one of each of a baby zombie, zombie villager, husk, drowned and zombie pigman
Poultry Boy	Slay the elusive Chicken Jockey
Absolute Cinema	Defeat a Chicken Jockey in a Woodland Mansion
Spooky Skeleton	Kill a skeleton
Boned	Grind up some bones into bonemeal
Not Today, Thank You	Deflect a Skeleton's arrow with a Shield
Skeleton Smiter	Collect a stack of bones
Paleontologist	Craft or mine a stack of bone blocks
Frosty	Kill a stray
Bogged Down	Kill a Bogged. Watch those poison arrows!
Poison Dart	Shoot a mob with a Tipped Arrow of Poison
The Undead Cavalry	Ride a Skeleton Horse
Melting	Bring a stray to a desert biome and then kill it
Spooky Skulls	Blow up a skeleton with a charged creeper to get a skeleton skull
Bone-to-party	Reunite all skeleton variants and their three-headed overlord in one place
Ew Ew Ew!	Kill a spider
Poisonous Ew	Kill a cave spider
Spider Smasher	Collect a stack of string from spiders or cobwebs
Spider-skeleton	Does whatever a spider can
The Ghastly Eyes	Kill an invisible spider
Pupil Poppers	Eat 1000 Spider Eyes
What a creep!	Kill a creeper
Keep Your Distance	Kill a Creeper with arrows
Blast Shield	Survive a creeper's blast with your shield
Aww man!	That was a nice life you had. Shame it had to end at this time time time
Controlled Detonation	Persuade a Creeper to blow up using Flint and Steel
Look Out!	Zoom in on a Creeper with a Spyglass from less than a block away
Creeper Killer	Collect a stack of gunpowder
Creepy Heads	Blow up a creeper with a charged creeper to get a creeper head
Camouflage	Kill a mob while wearing the same type of mob head
The ender of ender	Kill an enderman
Ender Worm	Prevent an endermite from maturing
Tele-Morph	Damage a mob by teleporting into it
Enderman Destroyer	Collect a stack of ender pearls
Plane Walker	Kill endermen in all three dimensions
Impossible...	Kill an Enderman with an arrow
Basketblock Championship	Kill Endermen that are holding every block that they can hold
Witch!	Kill a witch
Miracle Drink	Drink milk or honey to cure poison when on half a heart
Taste of your own medicine	Kill a witch with a splash potion
Gelatinous Cube	Kill a slime
Trampoline	Bounce onto a slime block from at least 30 blocks high
Slime Squisher	Collect a stack of slimeballs
Oh no guys I'm o o z i n g	Collect enough slimeballs to craft a stack of slime blocks
Termite Control	Kill a silverfish
The Phantom Menace	Get attacked by phantoms
Ricochet Swoop	Deflect a Phantom's swoop with your shield
Phantom Slayer	Collect a stack of phantom membranes
Anti-Air	Shoot down a phantom with an arrow from 30 blocks away
Two Birds, One Arrow	Kill two Phantoms with a piercing arrow
We'll handle this	Lure a Phantom into the Nether and then kill it
Now that's a lot of damage	Succumb to the Warden
Blind Stare	Look at a Warden with a Spyglass
Stealth is Optional	Overcome a Warden in the deepest and darkest of caves
Warden Frostbite	Bring a Warden to the surface of a snowy plains biome and kill it
Maximum Resistance	Take a hit from the Warden with the maximum possible protection
Not Afraid of Heights	Bring a Warden to world height. It can’t be afraid of heights if it can’t see
House of Freaks	Summon five Wardens and have them all be within 16 blocks of the player
Night Runner	Defeat all kinds of Overworld night mobs
Hell Hunter	Defeat all kinds of Nether mobs
Void Ender	Defeat all kinds of End mobs
Dungeon Crawler	Defeat all kinds of mobs from special structures
Monsters Hunted	Kill one of every hostile monster
Weaponry	Weapons of choice for combat
Take Aim	Shoot something with a bow and arrow
That is so fletch!	Craft a fletching table
Point Blank	Shoot a mob from point-blank range
Bow Spammer	Attack a mob by bow-spamming
Sniper Duel	Kill a skeleton with an arrow from more than 50 meters
The Mighty Hunter	Hunt all types of land animals with your bow
There it goes…	Kill a mob at the bottom of the world from the build limit using any kind of projectile
X-Bow	Craft a crossbow using stick, spider string, iron and a hook
Ol' Betsy	Shoot a crossbow
Who's the Pillager Now?	Give a Pillager a taste of their own medicine
Artillery	Have nine loaded crossbows in your hotbar. All set!
Fireworks Display	Use gunpowder and paper to craft fireworks
Pyrotechnic	Craft a firework of every shape and additional effect
Explosive Fire	Load your crossbow with a firework
My eyes!	Kill a mob using a firework's explosion
Who ya gonna call?	Kill a ghast using a firework's explosion
Sir Knight	Use planks and iron to craft a shield
Shield Luck	Protect yourself from an enemy's attack with your shield
Flying Colors	Apply a banner to your shield
Master Shieldsman	Deflect an attack from every hostile monster
Viking	Attack a mob using an axe
Axeman	Attack mobs using every kind of axe
Shovel Knight	Hit mobs using every kind of shovel
Spleaf	Kill a mob using a shovel while both of you are standing on a Big Dripleaf
Multiclassed	Hit a mob with every type of weapon
A Throwaway Joke	Throw a trident at something. Note: Throwing away your only weapon is not a good idea
King of the Sea	Kill a drowned using a trident from at least 30 metres
The Aquatic Hunter	Hunt all types of aquatic creatures with your trident
Poseidon vs. Hades	Hunt all types of nether creatures with your trident
Nice to Mace You!	Craft a Mace using a Breeze Rod and a Heavy Core, then do a smash attack by hitting a mob after falling
Meteor Strike	Deal 50 hearts of damage in a single hit using the Mace
Warden Extinction	Deal 250 hearts of damage in a single hit using the Mace… to one-shot a Warden
Bombs Away!	Use gunpowder and sand to craft TNT
Revenge!	Blow up a creeper with TNT
Demolitions Expert	Blow up every hostile mob with TNT
Pig Fishing Tournament	Pull a pig using a fishing rod
Indiana Jones	Pull a monster using a fishing rod
When Pigs Finally Fly	Pull a pig from 25 blocks below you and watch it go
Snowball Fight	The spirit of Christmas... quickly drowned out by a battle
A snowball's chance in hell	Defeat a Blaze using snowballs
Backfire	Kill a Blaze using a Blaze Rod while both you and it are on fire
Egging, Dude!	Vandalise something with eggs
There's yolk on my head	Catapult an egg onto a zombie's head
Expelliarmus!	Hit a mob with a stick
Slapfish	Slap a mob across the face with a fish
Diemonds!	Hit a mob with diamonds
Inspector Gadget	Kill a zombie while holding a spyglass
Rock, Paper, Shears!	Beat a zombie at rock, paper, shears
It's time consuming	Kill something using a clock
Loser!	Die twice within ten seconds
Half Heart Life	Be on half a heart of health for a minute
Biomes	All around the world!
For you, my sweet	Pick a flower for someone special
There's a zombie on the lawn	Find a sunflower plains
Enchanted Forest	Find a flower forest
Pretty in Pink	Find a Cherry Grove
Flower Power	Collect all types of flowers
Eyeball Forest	Obtain an Eyeblossom from a Pale Garden
Heart Breaker	Smash a Creaking Heart to destroy its Creaking
Resinance	Pick off a Resin Clump growing on the side of a Pale Oak tree
Fake Copper	Craft all forms of Resin Blocks and Resin Bricks
Pale in Comparison	Place a block of Pale Moss next to a block of regular Moss
Heart Transplanter	Place a Creaking Heart with the correct alignment between two Pale Oak Log blocks
Le creak, c'est chic	Place fifty Creaking Hearts and inundate yourself with an absolute nightmare
The Mighty Jungle	Go for a safari in the jungle
Tarzan	Swing (or climb) on some vines
Lion Hunter	Feed an Ocelot fish to try and gain its trust
Simba	Breed a baby ocelot
Bamboom!	Break down some bamboo
Construction Worker	Craft and use some scaffolding
Top of the World	Place scaffolding to the world limit
Zoologist	Breed two pandas to get a baby panda
Kung Fu Panda!	Get beaten up by an angry panda
Edge of the Jungle	Enter a Modified Jungle Edge - the rarest biome in Minecraft
Qinling	Breed a rare brown panda
Pandamonium	Feed cake to every type of panda
Smooth Operator	Slip and slide on some ice
This Snow is Snowier	Fall into some Powder Snow
Light as a Rabbit	Walk on Powder Snow… without sinking in it
Captain America	Get completely frozen inside two blocks of Powder Snow for a loooong time. Big question is: Can you do this all day?
Powder-full	Pick up some Powder Snow in a Bucket
Thin Ice!	Use a silk touch pickaxe to pick up some ice blocks
Spike Ice!	Break down an ice spike using a silk touch pickaxe
Thick Ice!	Craft or mine a blue ice block from an iceberg
Everybody Loves Ice!	Obtain a stack of every type of ice in your inventory
Barbearian	It may be illegal to hunt polar bears in real life, but not in Minecraft
We’re Going on a Bear Hunt	Get hunted by a Polar Bear
Just Keep Swimming	Go for a swim
The sea calls you...	Find an ocean
Boaty McBoatface	Craft and ride a boat to sail on the high seas
Dive Bomb	Dive into water from a cliff at least 50 blocks tall
Free Diver	Stay underwater for 2 minutes
Sleep with the Fishes	Spend a day underwater
Cargo Carrier	Ride a Boat with a Chest in it
Flipper	Give a Dolphin something to play with
Dolphin Dasher	Get a speed boost from your friendly underwater companions
Echolocation	Feed a dolphin fish to have it lead you to treasure
So Long & Thanks For The Fish	Get murdered by dolphins
The Great Blocky Reef	Come across a coral reef in the ocean
In a Pickle	Collect some sea pickles from a coral reef
Just a sample	Collect some coral from a coral reef
No Reefing!	Collect all colors of coral blocks, plants and fans (including dead ones)
Pushed Around	Enter a bubble column
Atlantis?	Explore some Underwater Ruins
Ahoy!	Come across a sunken ship
Boatception	Get in a boat within a shipwreck
Titanic	Find a shipwreck in an iceberg biome
X Marks the Spot	Use a treasure map to find Buried Treasure
Moskstraumen	Construct a Conduit in the ocean
Kilometre Walk	Travel at least 1000 blocks from the centre of the world in any direction. It's not that far in real life
Ten Thousand Blocks	Travel at least 10,000 blocks from the centre of the world in any direction. A journey that long begins with a single step
Voyage	A hundred kilometres!
One with the forest	Discover every forest biome
Warm Feet	Discover every dry biome
Cold Feet	Discover every snowy biome
Overgrown!	Discover every overgrown biome
High Feet	Discover every mountain biome
Wet Feet	Discover every water biome
Adventuring Time	Discover each type of surface biome in the Overworld
Adventure	Village, pillage and exploration
I hereby dub thee...	Obtain a name tag
I just want to make toast!	Name a bunny 'Toast'
What's Up, Doc?	Turn a mob upside-down
Nyan Sheep	Nyan Nyan Nyan Nyan...
Slenderman	Defeat this terrifying monster
The one and true Johnny	Defeat Johnny
Nerds Never Die	Name a Piglin Brute 'Technoblade'
Beethoven	Craft a jukebox with planks and a diamond
Music To My Ears	Play a music disc in a jukebox
The Sound of Music	Make the Meadows come alive with the sound of music from a jukebox
Disc Jockey	Listen to all the music discs
Overpowered	Obtain a Notch Apple
Now You’re Thinking With Portals	Find a broken Nether Portal in the Overworld
Grave Robber	Enter a pyramid in a desert
Tomb Raider	Enter a jungle temple
Witchcraft	Find a witch hut in a swamp
Secret of the Igloo	Find an igloo in a snowy tundra
Raidin' Master	Discover every structure type
Brushed Away	Craft a Brush using a feather, copper and a stick
Respecting the Remnants	Using a Brush, carefully excavate a Pottery Sherd from a suspicious block
Careful Restoration	Put together a Decorated Pot using four Pottery Sherds
Pottery Exhibition	Find one of each type of Pottery Sherd throughout your archaeology expeditions
A Suspicious Advancement	Obtain a block of Suspicious Sand or Suspicious Gravel
sus	Obtain a stack of Suspicious Sand and Suspicious Gravel
Life… uhh… finds a way	Find a strange egg among the sand of an Ocean Ruin using a Brush. Smells interesting
Truffle Worm	Have a Sniffer dig up seeds
Jurassic Sniff	Breed two Sniffers together using Torchflower Seeds
Little Sniffs	Feed a Snifflet
Planting the Past	Plant any Sniffer Seed
Happy Trails!	Discover the Trail Ruins
Raiders of the Lost Trim	Carefully excavate a Smithing Template from the Trail Ruins
A Chiptune Relic	Excavate an ancient record from within the Trail Ruins
Good-Lookin’ Treasure	Find a Smithing Template
Crafting a New Look	Use a Smithing Template to apply a trim to a piece of armor
Mold Maker	Use seven diamonds to duplicate a Smithing Template
Coordinated Flair	Wear a suit of armor with all four pieces trimmed with the same material
Chromatic Armory	Trim pieces of armor with all types of materials
Genesis of the End	Find the Eye Smithing Template in a Stronghold
Vexingly Hard to Find	Find the Vex Smithing Template in a Woodland Mansion
The Sound of Silence	Find the Silence Smithing Template in an Ancient City
Smithing With Style	Apply every type of armor trim at least once
Stacked Smither	Obtain a stack of every Smithing Template
Out of Posts	Enter a Pillager Outpost
Riot Shield	Deflect a Pillager's crossbow bolt
Redemption Arc	Befriend a Pillager that doesn’t have a crossbow
I've got a bad feeling about this	Kill a raid captain. I’d warn against drinking that bottle they dropped…
We're being attacked!	Trigger a Pillager Raid
Sound the Alarm!	Ring the bell with a hostile enemy in the village
It's So Beast-Like!	Slay a Ravager in a raid
I am Ravager, hear me ROAR!	Have a Ravager slam into your shield
Picador	Hit a Ravager with a thrown trident
Feeling Ill	Defeat every type of Illager as part of a raid
Hero of the Village	Triumph over a full raid for the first time
Superhero of the Village	Defeat enough raid captains to obtain a stack of Ominous Banners
Justice	Kill a Pillager, Vindicator, Evoker, Ravager and Witch with a single crossbow arrow
Buy Low, Sell High	Trade with a villager while under the Hero of the Village effect
Undying Fandom	Receive every type of gift from Villagers as a Hero of the Village
War is Coming	Start a Raid with the highest level of Bad Omen
Veteran of the Village	Attain the highest level of Hero of the Village
Allayance	Rescue an Allay from a Pillager Outpost or Woodland Mansion and give it something to play with
You’ve Got a Friend in Me	Have an Allay deliver items to you
Evelyn Evergreen	Have an Allay deliver Spruce Saplings to you while chopping down trees
Budget Vex	Give an Allay an Iron Sword
Diagon Allay	Have an Allay deliver a potion to you in the Deep Dark
And make it double!	Play a jukebox near some Allays, then give one an Amethyst Shard and see what happens!
Birthday Song	Have an Allay drop a cake at a note block
Awards Ceremony	Have an Allay present to you a trophy awarded from completing one of the advancements
Travelling Merchant	Trade with a Wandering Trader
Shady Deals	Trade with a Wandering Trader while he is invisible
Florist	Trade for a flower from the Wandering Trader
Rebuilding the Oceans	Trade for a coral block from the Wandering Trader
Deal's Off!	Get spat at by one of the Trader Llamas
Do You Want to Trade?	Find an NPC village
Oh, look, it dings!	Ring a bell in a village
Prime Specimen	Find Tall Grass or a Large Fern inside a village chest
What a Deal!	Successfully trade with a Villager
Crazy Cat Lady	Tame a stray cat in a village
If only cats grew into kittens	Breed two cats together to get a kitty!
A Complete Catalogue	Tame all cat variants!
Hired Help	Summon an Iron Golem to help defend a village
Your Daily Fix	Use an Iron Ingot to repair a damaged Iron Golem
MURDERER!	Kill a villager
Rekt!	Get killed by a natural iron golem defending its village
You are the Pillager	Murder one of every villager profession with a crossbow
Filthy Rich	Make 64 emeralds
Filthy Stinkin' Rich	Make 64 emerald blocks
Hey! You two should kiss!	Use a Spyglass to look at two Villagers sitting in a Boat from at least 50 blocks away
Traveller	Travel to every type of village and trade with a villager in each
Village Settler	Trade for a new bell to establish a new village
Town Planner	Craft and place every type of villager workstation
Workaholic	Craft a stack of all the villager job site blocks
Professional	Trade with a villager at master level
Businessman	Trade with every type of villager career
The Tribal Villagers	Breed and trade with a jungle villager
Lilypad Hatter	Breed and trade with a swamp villager
Star Trader	Trade with a villager at the build height limit
Master Trader	Trade with every type of villager career at master level
Knowledge is Power	Trade for an Enchanted Book
Rare Candy Shop	Trade for a Bottle o’ Enchanting from a Cleric
All chained up	Trade for a piece of chain armor from an armorer villager
Retro Future Knight	Trade for full suit of chain armor from an armorer villager
Mapmaker	Craft or trade an empty map
Mapmaker's Table	Craft a cartography table with paper and planks
I'm not lost anymore!	Right-click a banner with a map
Map Room	Place a map in an item frame
Treasure Map	Trade for an Explorer Map
All Around the World	Buy every kind of Explorer Map that can be bought from Cartographers
Monumental	Find an Ocean Monument
Laser Sharks!	Defeat a Guardian
Spear Fishing	Kill a Guardian with arrows
Guardian Destroyer	Collect a stack of prismarine shards and crystals
The Deep End	Defeat an Elder Guardian
Dry Spell	Dry a sponge in a furnace
Sponge Miner	Collect a stack of sponges from ocean monuments
House of Psychos	Find a Woodland Mansion
Heeere's Johnny!	Kill a Vindicator in a Woodland Mansion
The Shielding	A shield does no better than a locked door
Ghostbuster!	Bust a Vex summoned by an Evoker
Wololo!	Defeat an Evoker in a Woodland Mansion
Postmortal	Use a Totem of Undying to cheat death
Minecraft: Trial(s) Edition	Step foot in a Trial Chamber
This will be a breeze!	Famous last words. Get killed by a Breeze
Break Wind	Defeat a Breeze in the Trial Chambers
Who Needs Rockets?	Use a Wind Charge to launch yourself upward at least 8 blocks
Breeze Suppressor	Defeat enough Breezes to collect a stack of Breeze Rods
From Under Your Feet	Throw a Wind Charge at a mob that is standing on top of a trapdoor
Blowback	Kill a Breeze with a deflected Wind Charge
Under Lock and Key	Unlock a Vault using a Trial Key
Hard Mode Activated	Drink an Ominous Bottle in a Trial Chamber to cast a greater challenge
Revaulting	Unlock an Ominous Vault with an Ominous Trial Key
Vault Hunter	Unlock 25 Vaults across Trial Chambers
Keys to Success	Collect a stack of all kinds of keys
Tricky Treasures	Collect every kind of treasure item that can only be found in Trial Chambers
Omniscient	Collect a stack of one tier of Ominous Bottles
Core Keeper	Obtain a stack of Heavy Cores
Redstone	Cracking contraptions
Click!	Place and push a button
Leveraging Synergy	Flick a lever
Under Pressure	Step on a pressure plate
Pressure Detector	Use a pressure plate to craft a detector rail
Metal Plate	Dinner time!
Bling Plate	Dine in style! (No, not really)
Tripping Over	Place a line of string between two tripwire hooks, and trigger it
Troll Chest	Trigger a trapped chest. Good for trolling your friends!
Powerful Light	Craft and place a redstone torch
Repeating Repeater	Craft a redstone repeater for delaying signals
Quirky Quartz	Mine Nether Quartz from the Nether
Comparing Comparator	Craft a redstone comparator
The Power of Books	Read the power signal of a Chiseled Bookshelf using a comparator
Solar Power	Craft a daylight sensor
Observer Buddy	Craft an observer
Quartz Miner	Mine enough nether quartz to craft a stack of quartz blocks
Space Hopper	Craft a hopper for item transportation
Space Dropper	Craft a dropper for item transportation
Dispense With This	Construct a dispenser
Splatfest	Have at least 100 of each type of Chicken Egg fired in the air at once within 48 blocks of you
We Have Liftoff!	Build a redstone machine that uses TNT to launch you at least 100 blocks into the stratosphere
Target Acquired	Put up a Target for archery practise
Target Practise	Hit a Target with all types of projectiles
Bullseye	Hit the bullseye of a Target Block with an arrow from 30 blocks away
Craftception	Craft a Crafter
Crafters Crafting Crafters	Be near a Crafter when it crafts a Crafter
Factorio	Be near a Crafter when it crafts a Dispenser 64 times
Moving Parts	Craft a piston so you can push things
Sticky Parts	Craft a sticky piston so you can pull things
Engineer	Craft all types of redstone component
Master Engineer	Craft a stack of all types of redstone component
Mozart	Craft a note block
Take Notes	Tune a Note Block through every possible note
Noteworthy	Play every possible instrument on a Note Block
Travelling Bard	Play a Note Block in every type of biome
Monstrous Music	Play Note Blocks with each type of mob head above it
All Aboard!	Craft and board a Minecart for railway journeys
Fuel Engine	Craft a Minecart with Furnace and use coal or charcoal to send it chugging
Moving Storage	Put a chest in a minecart
Moving Moving Storage	Put a hopper in a minecart
Mobile Explosion	Put TNT in a minecart
Electric Rails	Making furnace minecarts completely useless
Railwayman	Craft a stack of all the different types of rails
On A Rail	Travel by Minecart in a straight line to at least 1 km from where you started
Vibe Check	Use Silk Touch to pick up a Sculk Sensor or find one among Ancient City treasure
Calibration Sensation	Craft a Calibrated Sculk Sensor using Amethyst Shards
The Block of Eternal Screaming	Use Silk Touch to pick up a Sculk Shrieker
The Incredible Sculk	Collect a stack of all sculk-related blocks
Sculker Box	Hold a Shulker Box that is completely filled with Sculk
Cataclyst	Kill a Wither near a Sculk Catalyst to unleash a large explosion of sculk
Monstrous Sacrifices	Kill every hostile monster near a Sculk Catalyst
Enchanting	Enchant items to give them magical abilities
Librarian	Build some bookshelves for your enchanting table
Magical Stockpile	Obtain a full stack of bottles of enchanting
Bow down to me!	Obtain Power V
To Infinity And Beyond!	Obtain Infinity on a bow
Super Efficient	Obtain Efficiency V
Fortunate Son	Obtain Fortune III
Pick Like Silk	Use a Silk Touch enchanted pickaxe to obtain diamond ore as a block
Needle Sharp	Obtain Sharpness V
Undead Slayer	Obtain Smite V
Bane of one-shotting spiders	Obtain Bane of Arthropods V
Newton's Flaming Laser Sword	Have a diamond sword with Fire Aspect II
A rather pointy fence post	Enchant a wooden sword with Sharpness V. Not really the best weapon, but it could be a minor annoyance to someone
Overkill	Deal eight hearts of damage in a single melee blow without using a Mace
Over-Overkill	Deal sixteen hearts of damage in a single melee blow without using a Mace
Machine Bow	Fire a crossbow as rapidly as possible
Shotbow	Shoot three arrows at once with a crossbow
Arbalistic	Kill five unique mobs with one crossbow shot
Oh baby a triple!	Kill three mobs at the same time using a Multishot Crossbow from at least 30 blocks away
Boomerang	Turn your trident into a boomerang by getting Loyalty on it
Do A Barrel Roll!	Use Riptide to give yourself a boost
Zeus	Obtain Channeling on a trident
Very Very Frightening	Strike a Villager with lightning
Mace Windu	Obtain the Wind Burst enchantment on a Mace
Whack-a-mole	Using a Mace enchanted with Wind Burst, hit eight Armadillos consecutively without touching the ground
Like a Cat	Obtain boots enchanted with Feather Falling
Echidna	Obtain Thorns III on a piece of armour
Armor for the masses	Obtain every protection related enchantment
Knocking Your Socks Off	Obtain Knockback and Punch enchantments
Scuba Gear	Obtain every water related enchantment
Fiery	Obtain every fire related enchantment
Like a Ninja	Find the Swift Sneak enchantment on an Enchanted Book in an Ancient City
Silent But Deadly	Sneak and sprint on sculk with Speed II while wearing Swift Sneak III leggings. Try saying that six times swiftly
Gotta Go Fast!	Obtain the Soul Speed enchantment from a Bastion or bartering with Piglins
Let It Go!	Using Frost Walker boots, walk on frozen water over a deep ocean
Complete Enchanter	Obtain every enchantment throughout your enchanting career
Master Enchanter	Obtain every enchantment at their max level throughout your enchanting career
Heavy Metal	Craft an anvil
Baron of Blacksmiths	Get a stack of regular, chipped and damaged Anvils
Curses!	Obtain both types of curses
Handmade Blinding	Wear a carved pumpkin enchanted with Curse of Binding
This name sounds cooler	Name your Diamond Sword 'Diamond Edge'
I'll be back	Name your bow 'Terminator'
God of Thunder	Name your Trident with Loyalty III and Channeling 'Mjolnir'
Unbreakable	Obtain Mending on an item
Master Miner	Create a pickaxe with all possible enchantments at max level
Master Digger	Create a shovel with all possible enchantments at max level
Master Axeman	Create an axe with all possible enchantments at max level
Master Farmer	Create a hoe with all possible enchantments at max level
Master Knight	Create a sword with all possible enchantments at max level
Master Sniper	Create a bow with all possible enchantments at max level
Master Arbalist	Create a crossbow with all possible enchantments at max level
Master Armorer	Create a full suit of armor with all possible enchantments at max level
Master Fisher	Create a fishing rod with all possible enchantments at max level
Master Tridenteer	Create a trident with all possible enchantments at max level
Master Macerator	Create a mace with all possible enchantments at max level
Statistics	If your numbers go up, you're having more fun
Out for a stroll	Walk 10km
Who needs cars?	Walk 50km
I enjoy long walks & playing MC	Walk 250km
65 hours of walking	Walk 1000km. The statistics tab shall no longer be the grindy super challenges tab
Natural Sprinter	Sprint 10km
Marathon	Sprint 42.195km
Your legs must be tired	Sprint 250km
Spring in your step	Jump 1000 times
Boing, Boing	Jump 10,000 times
Jumping Jacks	Jump 100,000 times
Sneaky Snitch	Sneak 100m
Black Belt Ninja	Sneak 1km
Ancient Kung Fu Master	Sneak 10km
Laps in the pool	Swim 1km
Olympic Athlete	Swim 10km
Olympic Gold Medallist	Swim 50km
Minecart Rider	Ride 1km in a minecart
I Like Trains	Ride 10km in a minecart
Global Railway Network	Ride 50km in a minecart
Pig Training	Ride 100m on a pig
Snout 500	Ride 1km on a pig
Lightning McPig	Ride 10km on a pig
Horse Training	Ride 1km on a horse
Sheriff Firearm	Ride 10km on a horse
Scourge of the West	Ride 50km on a horse
Luxury Cruise	Sail 1km in a boat
Pirate Captain	Sail 10km in a boat
Sailor of the Seven Seas	Sail 50km in a boat
Taking It In Stride	Ride 100m on a Strider
Who Needs Boats?	Ride 1km on a Strider
This Ride Is Lit, Yo!	Ride 10km on a Strider
Test Flight	Ride 100m on a Happy Ghast
Who Needs Elytra?	Ride 1km on a Happy Ghast
Big Blimp Enthusiast	Ride 10km on a Happy Ghast
Take to the Skies	Fly 10km with elytra
Supersonic	Fly 100km with elytra
Frequent Flyer	Fly 1000km with elytra
Mob Hunter	Defeat 250 mobs
Bloodthirsty	Defeat 2500 mobs
Kill or be Killed	Defeat 25,000 mobs
The Parrots and the Bats	Breed 100 animals
Cupid	Breed 500 animals
Two By Two	Breed 2500 animals
Om Nom Nom	Eat 200 food items
Yum Yum Yummo	Eat 1000 food items
Food, Glorious Food!	Eat 5000 food items
The Haggler	Trade with villagers 100 times
Big Spender	Trade with villagers 500 times
STONKS!	Trade with villagers 2500 times
Loot 'em!	Open 10 loot chests
More For Me	Open 100 loot chests
I <3 Chests	Open 500 loot chests
Novice Enchanter	Enchant 10 items
Journeyman Enchanter	Enchant 50 items
Elderly Enchanter	Enchant 250 items
Level Up	Reach 30 experience levels
Overlevelling	Reach 100 experience levels
XP Grinder	Reach 300 experience levels
Giga XP Grinder	Reach 1000 experience levels
The First Night	Survive the first night in your brand new world
Passing the Time	Play for 100 days
Happy New Year!	Play for a whole Minecraft year
Nether	Bring summer clothes
Stem Research	Attack a huge Nether Fungi until a stem pops out
What a Fungi!	Pick up Crimson or Warped Fungus
I am Root	Pick up some crimson or warped roots
Don't Blink	Climb on some Weeping Vines in a Crimson Forest
Twisted	Climb on some Twisting Vines in a Warped Forest
What about Corruption Planks?	Craft every item made out of crimson wood
Welcome to Warp Zone!	Craft every item made out of warped wood
Hot Tourist Destination	Explore every Nether biome
Hell Botanist	Gather a stack of every Nether plant
Spreading Corruption	Place one of every nether block in the overworld
The Struggle Nether Ends	Place one of every nether block in The End
Roadhog	Hunt a Hoglin for food
When Hoglins Breed	Breed a baby Hoglin using Crimson Fungi
Whole Hog	Get mauled by a Hoglin
Giddy Up!	Punch a baby Hoglin that is being ridden by a baby Piglin
Zork Chop	Bring a Hoglin into the Overworld to zombify it, then kill it for zorkchops
Oh, Shiny!	Distract Piglins with gold
Cultural Misunderstandings	Slay a Piglin in battle... or an accidental incursion
We Got a Live One!	Bring a Piglin into the Overworld then spare it from an eternity of zombification
When Piglins Fly	Give a piglin elytra then kill it
Hung, Drawn and Bartered	Barter for every possible type of item with Piglins
A Piglin's Best Friend	Give a total of 500 gold to Piglins during your nether adventures
Piglin Peril	Obtain a Piglin Head by blowing up a Piglin with a Charged Creeper
Those Were the Days	Fight your way into a Bastion Remnant
Brute Force	Defeat a Piglin Brute in a Bastion Remnant
Et tu, Brute?	Get murdered by Piglin Brutes
Astrobrute	Send a Piglin Brute to the End and kill it there before it zombifies
War Pigs	Loot a chest in a Bastion Remnant
Gilty!	Mine some Gilded Blackstone from a Bastion Remnant
Gilded Miner	Mine a stack of Gilded Blackstone from Bastion Remnants
Time to Upgrade!	Find a Netherite Upgrade Smithing Template in a Bastion Remnant
Wub wub wub!	Obtain the Pigstep music disc from a Bastion Remnant
Hot Reels!	Reel in a Strider using a Fishing Rod
This Boat Has Legs	Ride a Strider with a Warped Fungus on a Stick
Feels Like Home	Take a Strider for a loooong ride on a lava lake in the Overworld
Bobbleheads	Breed two Striders using Warped Fungus
This One’s Mine!	Kill a Zombified Piglin that is riding a Strider and take its steed
Jenga	Ride a Strider riding another Strider riding a boat riding a minecart
From Whence It Came!	Find a broken Nether Portal in the Nether
Ancient Restoration	Rebuild and reactivate a Ruined Portal
Who is Cutting Onions?	Obtain Crying Obsidian from a ruined portal or bartering with Piglins
Anchorman	Craft a Respawn Anchor using Crying Obsidian and Glowstone then place it down
Not Quite 'Nine' Lives	Charge a Respawn Anchor to the maximum
The Tribal Snouts	Kill a zombie pigman
High Temperature Fluid Monster	Kill a magma cube
Legend of Hell Chicken Riders	Kill a chicken jockey in the nether
Magma Cube Squisher	Collect a stack of magma cream
Giant Floating Jellyfish	Shoot down a ghast
Fire Blast Shield	Block the explosion of a ghast's fireball
Is it a Balloon?	Look at a Ghast through a Spyglass
Return to Sender	Destroy a Ghast with its fireball
Bring Down The Beast	Bring down a ghast with a sword
Ghast Slayer	Collect a stack of ghast tears
Uneasy Alliance	Rescue a Ghast from the Nether, bring it safely home to the Overworld... and then kill it
Electrifying Alliance	Smite a ghast with lightning from the Overworld’s heavens
Stay Hydrated	Place a Dried Ghast block into water
Snow Cone?	Feed snowballs to a Ghastling
Hot Air Balloon	Craft a Harness, place it on a Happy Ghast, and ride it
Midport Village	Ride a Happy Ghast into a village
Lead Zeppelin	Attach a Boat to a Happy Ghast using a Lead
Pillow Fight	Slay a Ghast while riding a Happy Ghast
Collateral Damage	Deflect a Ghast fireball into a Happy Ghast
Hell's Bells	Ring a bell in the Nether
Hot Spring	Sit in water in the Nether
Polar Opposites	Start freezing in the Nether
Nugget in a Biscuit	Mine Nether Gold Ore for a pile of gold nuggets
Stepping on Legos	Walk on some hot Magma Blocks in the Nether
Dark Ages	Mine Blackstone from a Basalt Deltas biome
Nether Rock Collection	Mine a stack of Netherrack, Basalt, Blackstone and Magma in the Nether
Quicksand	You sink like quicksand and move slow like mud
Burnt Right Into Your Soul	Get caught on Soul Fire
A Soul For A Soul	Place down a Soul Campfire
Seeing Stars	Mine some glowstone dust from the nether
Glows in the Dark	Shoot a mob with a spectral arrow
Glowstone Miner	Mine or craft a stack of glowstone blocks
The Descent	Dig down into the deepest depths of the Nether
Nether Say Die	Excavate out some Ancient Debris from deep beneath the lava oceans
Holy Scrap!	Smelt Ancient Debris into Netherite Scrap
Diamonds Are Not Forever	Use Gold Ingots and Netherite Scrap to make a Netherite Ingot
MOAR Upgraded Tools	Craft a Netherite Pickaxe, Axe, Shovel and Hoe
A Knight to Nether Forget	Use a Smithing Table to upgrade your diamond armor to netherite armor
Soul Runnings!	Step on Soul Sand with Netherite Boots enchanted with Soul Speed III
Ludicrous Speed!	Achieve an absolutely insane speed by combining the Speed II effect, Dolphin’s Grace, Depth Strider III, Soul Speed III and sprinting
Fool Me Twice	Completely use up a netherite hoe. Clearly you have chosen... poorly
Netherite Miner	Mine a stack of Ancient Debris
Master Netherite Miner	Mine enough Ancient Debris to make a stack of Netherite Ingots (don’t worry, mining a stack of Netherite Blocks is optional in this datapack, I’m not that evil…)
Netherite Mad Lad	Be an absolute madlad and grind enough Ancient Debris to make a stack of Netherite Blocks (this is hidden and not required for Advancement Legend btw…)
I'm in Lava With You	Hit something while you and it are in lava
Limbo Walker	Get above the roof in the nether
Subspace Bubble	Use the Nether to travel 7km in the Overworld
Let Me Out!	Stay in the Nether for twenty ingame days
Inception	Build a machine that can break a hole in the roof of the Nether
A Terrible Fortress	Break your way into a Nether Fortress
The Hunt Begins	Kill a wither skeleton
Spooky Scary Skeleton	Obtain a wither skeleton's skull
Withering Heights	Summon the Wither
Decaying Beauty	Pick up some Wither Roses from the damage the Wither wrought on your world
Bring Home the Beacon	Construct and place a Beacon
Light Show	Place Stained Glass directly on top of a Beacon to change the colour of its beam
Beaconator	Bring a beacon to full power
Instant Mining	Hold a Diamond or Netherite Pickaxe enchanted with Efficiency V while under the Haste II effect
Beacon Overlord	Acquire every beacon-induced effect at once
Into Fire	Relieve a Blaze of its rod
The Nether's Shield	Block some blaze fireballs
Blaze Extinguisher	Collect a stack of blaze rods
Time to Fire Back	Craft a stack of fire charges
Basis of Brewing	Harvest some nether wart from a nether fortress
Local Brewery	Craft a Brewing Stand for brewing potions
Ender's Chest	Craft an ender chest for some extra inventory space
Eye Spy	Follow an Ender Eye
The End?	Enter the End Portal
Potions	Brewing potions with helpful and hindering effects
Failed Concoctions	Brew a mundane and thick potion
Death by Magic	Kill a mob with a splash potion
Performance-Enhancing Drugs	Brew a Speed Potion for cheating on athletics
Super Strength	Brew a Strength Potion for cheating on weightlifting
A Weak Brew	Brew up a potion of Weakness
Zombie Doctor	Cure a zombie villager
Mad Scientist	Cure a zombie villager of every profession
Medic!	Brew a healing potion
Hyper-Healing	Brew and drink a regeneration potion
Nocturnal	Brew and drink a night vision potion
The Invisible Player	Brew and drink an invisibility potion
Stealth Takedown	Dispatch a Creeper at melee range while you are invisible
True Feather Falling	Brew and drink a slow falling potion
Tank	Become nearly invincible to all damage using a Turtle Master Potion
Secret of the Ooze	Use a Slime Block to brew a Potion of Oozing
Final Shout	Kill a mob that has the Wind Charged, Weaving and Oozing effects
You Need a Mint	Collect dragon's breath in a glass bottle
Noxious Fumes	Use dragon's breath to brew a lingering potion
Gas!	Kill a mob using a lingering potion
Imbued Projectiles	Craft some Tipped Arrows using arrows and a Lingering Potion
String Shot	Shoot a mob with an Arrow of Weaving
Furious Ammunition	Craft every type of tipped arrow
Stayin' Frosty	Swim in lava while having the Fire Resistance effect
Marine Marauder	Swim in water while having the Water Breathing effect
Hopping Mad	Get jump boost from a beacon or a potion
A Furious Cocktail	Have every potion effect applied at the same time
A Much More Doable Challenge	Get all the effects possible during your life (not all at the same time)
A Furious Test Subject	Get attacked by a mob with every potion effect
Gas Bomb	Ignite a Creeper of each possible effect using Flint and Steel
The End	Or the beginning?
Is it a Plane?	Look at the Ender Dragon through a Spyglass
Why do I hear boss music?	Play a Music Disc while fighting the Ender Dragon
Dragon Shield	Attempt to block the dragon's attacks
Free the End	Good luck
The Actual End	Get killed by an Enderman in The End
The Point of No Return	Fall into the void
Event Horizon	Survive void damage
Cow Jumped Over The Moon	Bring a cow from the Overworld to the End and then kill it
The Void Frogs	Lower a Frog into the void using a Slow Falling potion, then kill it so it becomes one with the void
The Next Generation	Hold the Dragon Egg
The Start of Something	Craft your first ender crystal
The End... Again	Respawn the Ender Dragon
What For?	Craft 64 ender crystals
Ring of the End	Defeat the Ender Dragon 20 times
The Beginning	Say goodbye to the Wither...
Remote Getaway	Escape the island
End Bricks!	Craft end bricks from end stone
Getting Chorus	Attack a chorus tree until it collapses
Extrabiologist	Plant a chorus plant in the overworld for study
Purpurfect!	Craft or collect purpur blocks, slabs, pillars and stairs
A Wizard’s Breakfast	Eat a stack of Chorus Fruit in one go
In Your Face, Neil Armstrong	Colonise the End with potato crops
I'm Coming Back, Murph!	Travel far into the End dimension
No! Don't let me leave, Murph!	Travel so far into the End dimension you might as well be on another planet
Void Walker	Explore every end biome
Unending Hell	Travel directly from the End to the Nether
Dimension Penetration	Get hit by an arrow that has visited every dimension during its lifetime
The City at the End of the Game	Go on in, what could happen?
For Mother, Clarence	Kill a shulker
Portable Storage	Use shulker shells to craft a shulker box
Organizational Wizard	Name a Shulker Box 'Blocks' for storing your blocks
Somewhere Over The Rainbow...	Craft all 16 shulker box types
Shouldn't my shield levitate too?	Block a Shulker's bullet with your shield
Unstoppable Force vs Immovable Object	Hit a Shulker with a thrown Wind Charge
You're doing it wrong	Kill a mob with a Mace while levitating upwards
Shulker Breaker	Collect a stack of shulker shells
Great View From Up Here	Levitate up a distance of 50 metres
Dogfight	Kill a Skeleton while both you and it have levitation
Anti-Gravity Generator	Bring a shulker into the overworld and let it give you anti-gravity
Good Luck Getting This One	Kill a baby Turtle, a Witch, a Phantom, an Elder Guardian and a Piglin Brute with one piercing arrow in The End
Off With His Head!	Collect a dragon's head from the bow of an end ship
Dragon vs Dragon	Kill the Ender Dragon while wearing a Dragon Head
Sky's the Limit	Find an Elytra
Some Breakthrough	Exhaust your elytra
Rocketman	Fill your inventory with full stacks of firework rockets
Sky High	Fly up beyond the world height limit
Uh, Houston? We have a problem	Fly up to a ridiculous height
Diver's Dozen	Kill 12 mobs while airborne using Elytra. Stopping flight or touching liquid will reset your progress
Super Challenges	Good luck completing... any of these ;)
All the Blocks!	Obtain all the blocks!
All the Items!	Obtain all the items!
Stack All the Blocks!	Obtain a stack of all the blocks!
Stack All the Items!	Obtain a stack of all the items!
Telescopic	Look at every mob using a Spyglass, each from at least 25 blocks away
Highway to Hell	Send every mob to the Nether... and kill them all there
Endergeddon	Send every mob to the End... and kill them all there
Potion Master	Kill every mob in the game with splash potions
Biological Warfare	Kill every mob in the game with lingering potions
Nuclear Fusion	Strike every mob that can transform with lightning at once
Zombie Apocalypse	Obtain a stack of Zombie Heads
Rise of the Skeletons	Obtain a stack of Skeleton Skulls
Creepergeddon	Obtain a stack of Creeper Heads
Poglin!	Obtain a stack of Piglin Heads
Dragon Army	Obtain a stack of Ender Dragon Heads
Let's take it up a notch	Collect 64 Enchanted Golden Apples
Constellation	Collect 64 nether stars
Warlock	Obtain a stack of Beacons
Hearts of the Stack	Collect 64 Hearts of the Sea
Abyss Lord	Obtain a stack of Conduits
We're in the endgame now	Construct a village in the End and defend it from a raid
Dragon vs Dragon II: Electric Boogaloo	Defeat the Ender Dragon while wearing a dragon head... without touching the ground
Dragon vs Wither: The Pre-Sequel	Defeat the Wither while wearing a Dragon head... without touching the ground
At the Rim of the Sky	Slay the Ender Dragon in one hit using a Mace
The Perfect Run	Summon the Ender Dragon, the Wither, and a Raid within thirty seconds of each other, then defeat all of them without taking damage
Riddle Me This	See below for description and walkthrough (as it is very long)
I am Loot!	Open up every type of loot chest
The World Is Ending	Summon ten withers at once
Overwarden	Have fifty Wardens present within 100 blocks of you
Immortal	Fill your entire inventory with Totems of Undying
Death From All	Get killed by every mob that can kill you
Ultimate Enchanter	Obtain every enchantment at every level throughout your enchanting career
Stockbroker	Trade with every profession from every biome type
Global Vaccination	Cure a zombie villager of every profession... from every biome
How Did We Get Here?	Have every effect applied at the same time
Ad Astra	Reach an altitude of 10,000 blocks above the world
I'm in Space!	Levitate up a distance of 256 blocks
The Devil's Distance	Use the Nether to travel 666km in the Overworld
A Million Blocks Away	Travel a million blocks away from spawn
Explorer of Worlds	Discover every biome in every dimension
Farlander	Travel all the way to the border of the world

HAPPYGHAST
JUSTICE
LETITGO
in two ways!) in "When Pigs Used to Fly"? (SUS
abbv.) (BACAP
ENDGAME
DVDII
POISONDART
MRWOLF
TIMETOMINE
PORTALBOW
BLACK
SLABS
NOOOOOO
POACHER
SNEAK
SNOUT
infamous spelling hazard) (EEUUWWW
NINE
NETHER
MILESTONE
AWW
DINOSAUR
COW
CHICKEN
COWTIPPER
GOATOUTOFHERE
IMPOSSIBLE
FREAK
EYETEMPLATE
LASERSHARK
EYESPY

AVERAGE:

PERFECT
WARDEN
CHIC
JEB
GRUMM
TOIL
FOAL
TASKS
LEGEND
COPPER
ROOTS
EIGHT
BLIND
DUNGEONS
STEALS
OVERLORD
CALLEDIT
COPPERGOLEM
MENDING
KING
GONE
HOME
PROP
SWORD
TRAP
LOOM
COLOR
CHARTREUSE
SPRUCELEE
SAND
HARRY POTTER
GLAZE
CHAIN
LIVINGDUMMY
LOSER
HOEHOEHOE
because it has no arms) (SKY
YAY
SUS
___) (LIE
OLAF
MELON
RABBIT
CHICKEN
GOAT
LAMB
YALIKEJAZZ
LEBOWSKI
or what adding this clue might be)? (FOALPLAY
horse stats adv
DUCK
DIE
CHICKENJOCKEY
REVENGE
ZOMBIE
KUNGFU
ADVENTURE
RAIDCAPTAIN
BUDGETVEX
PRIME
HIREDHELP
DAILY
PSYCHO
WIND
VIBE
SILK
ATRIPLE
BARRELROLL
MOLES
MASSESS
DIAMONDEDGE
TERMINATOR
MENDING
MACERATOR
WINDU
MASTERANGLER
LONGWALKS
JUMPINGJACK
SIXTYFIVE
MCPIG
and part of the advancement you'll obtain it from) (BIGBLIMP
TWOBYTWO
CHESTS
FUNGI
ZORKCHOP
LIVEONE
WUB
NOTQUITENINE
JELLYFISH
BIRD
BALLOON
PLANE
PILLOW
BEAST
ZEPPELIN
LIMBO
INCEPTION
LETMEOUT
INTOFIRE